packages/varlet-ui/src/uploader/docs/en-US.md, before:

# Uploader

### Intro
It provides the ability to read files and preview pictures and videos.
Get the file upload server by listening for `after-read` events.

### Basic Usage

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])

function handleAfterRead(file) {
  console.log(file)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @after-read="handleAfterRead"/>
</template>
```

### File Preview

By analyzing the file URL suffix name to determine the file type, support image and video preview.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://www.runoob.com/try/demo_source/mov_bbb.mp4',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cover.jpg'
  }
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Upload State

Three uploading states, `loading`, `success` and `error`, are provided, and tool functions are provided to quickly obtain files with corresponding states.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'loading'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'success'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error'
  }
])

function handleAfterRead(file) {
  file.state = 'loading'

  setTimeout(() => {
    file.state = 'success'
  }, 1000)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @after-read="handleAfterRead"/>
</template>
```

### File Maxlength

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" :maxlength="1"/>
</template>
```

### File Size Limit

If the limit is exceeded, the file will be blocked. You can get the file by listening for the `oversize` event.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" :maxsize="1024" @oversize="Snackbar.warning('file size exceeds limit')" />
</template>
```

### Upload Preprocessing

Operate on a file by registering a `before-read` event that returns a false value to prevent the file from being read.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([])

function handleBeforeRead(file) {
  if (file.file.size <= 1 * 1024 * 1024) {
    Snackbar.success('the file is less than 1M, the upload is successful')
    return true
  } else {
    Snackbar.warning('the file is larger than 1M and cannot be uploaded')
    return false
  }
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @before-read="handleBeforeRead"/>
</template>
```

### Disabled

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader disabled v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Readonly

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader readonly v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Remove Preprocessing

Before deleting the file, the `before-remove` event is triggered, and a falsy value is returned to prevent the delete operation.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Dialog } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg'
  }
])

async function handleBeforeRemove() {
  const action = await Dialog({
    title: 'Delete or not?',
    message: 'Cannot be withdrawn after deletion'
  })

  return action === 'confirm'
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @before-remove="handleBeforeRemove" />
</template>
```

### Customize upload styles

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref()
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files">
    <var-button type="primary">Upload</var-button>
  </var-uploader>
</template>
```

### Validate

The values are validated by passing in an array of validator, If the validator returns `true`, the validation passes.
Other values are converted to text as a user prompt.
The second argument is a collection of utility functions that can quickly get a collection of files that match the state.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error',
  },
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader
    :rules="[(v, u) => u.getError().length === 0 || 'There is a file that failed to upload']"
    v-model="files"
  />
</template>
```

### Custom render file list

You can use the `hide-list` to hide component files list, then you can render this list by custom.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'loading',
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'success',
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error',
  },
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-space>
    <img
      class="uploader-example-file"
      v-for="f in files"
      :key="f.id"
      :src="f.cover"
    />
    <var-uploader hide-list v-model="files">
      <var-button round type="primary">
        <var-icon :size="28" name="upload" />
      </var-button>
    </var-uploader>
  </var-space>
</template>

<style>
.uploader-example-file {
  width: 40px;
  height: 40px;
  border-radius: 50%;
  font-size: 12px;
  object-fit: cover;
}
</style>
```

## API

### Props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `v-model` | File list | _VarFile[]_ | `[]` |
| `accept` | Accepted file type, consistent with the native attribute | _string_ | `image/*` |
| `capture` | Get the file, the same as the native property | _string_ | `-` |
| `multiple` | Whether to select multiple files | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `readonly` | Whether the readonly | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled` | Whether the disabled | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `removable` | Whether the removable | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `maxlength` | Maximum number of files | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `maxsize` | Maximum file size | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `previewed` | Whether to allow preview | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `ripple` | Whether to open ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `hide-list` | Whether to hide the file list | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `validate-trigger` | Timing to trigger validation， The optional value is `onChange` `onRemove` | _ValidateTriggers[]_ | `['onChange', 'onRemove']` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed，The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(v: VarFile, u: VarFileUtils) => any>_ | `-` |

### VarFile

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `file` | Native file | _File_ | `-` |
| `name` | File name | _string_ | `-` |
| `url` | File url | _string_ | `-` |
| `cover` | File cover image | _string_ | `-` |
| `fit` | Cover image fill mode, Optional value is `fill` `contain` `cover` `none` `scale-down` | _string_ | `-` |
| `state` | File upload state, Optional value is `loading` `success` `error` | _string_ | `-` |

### VarFileUtils

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `getLoading` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `loading` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getSuccess` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `success` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getError` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `error` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |

### Methods

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `chooseFile` | Trigger the file selection action and display the file list | `-` | `-` |
| `closePreview` | Close preview file popup | `-` | `-` |
| `getLoading` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `loading` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getSuccess` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `success` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getError` |  Gets a collection of files for `state` is `error` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `validate` | Trigger validate | `-` | `valid: Promise<boolean>` |
| `resetValidation` | Clearing validate messages | `-` | `-` |
| `reset` | Clear the value of the binding(set to `[]`)and validate messages | `-` | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `before-read` | Trigger returns a false value before a file is read to prevent the file from being read(support promise) | `file: VarFile` |
| `after-read` | Triggered after the file is read | `file: VarFile` |
| `oversize` | Triggered when the file size limit is exceeded | `file: VarFile` |
| `before-remove` | Triggered before file deletion, return false value to prevent file deletion (support promise) | `file: VarFile` |
| `remove` | Triggered when deleting a file. There is a true value to prevent deleting a file (support promise) | `file: VarFile` |

### Slots

| Name | Description | SlotProps |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `default` | Upload action content | `-` |

### Style Variables

Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider).

| Variable | Default |
| --- | --- |
| `--uploader-action-background`            | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-action-icon-color`            | `#888`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-action-icon-size`             | `24px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-action-margin`                | `0 10px 10px 0`                                                                              |
| `--uploader-file-size`                    | `80px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-margin`                  | `0 10px 10px 0`                                                                              |
| `--uploader-file-name-background`         | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-file-name-color`              | `#888`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-name-font-size`          | `12px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-name-padding`            | `10px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-text-align`              | `center`                                                                                     |
| `--uploader-file-close-background`        | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3)`                                                                         |
| `--uploader-file-close-size`              | `24px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-close-icon-font-size`    | `14px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-close-icon-color`        | `#fff`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-cover-fit`               | `cover`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-cover-background`        | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-preview-video-width`          | `100vw`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-preview-video-height`         | `100vw`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-height`        | `4px`                                                                                        |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-normal-color`  | `var(--color-disabled)`                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-success-color` | `var(--color-success)`                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-error-color`   | `var(--color-danger)`                                                                        |
| `--uploader-disabled-color`               | `#ddd`              |
| `--uploader-disabled-text-color`          | `var(--color-text-disabled)`      |
| `--uploader-loading-background`           | `linear-gradient(90deg, hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0), hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0.3), hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0))` |

Commit message:

feat: support elevation for uploader and counter (#927)

packages/varlet-ui/src/uploader/docs/en-US.md, after:

# Uploader

### Intro
It provides the ability to read files and preview pictures and videos.
Get the file upload server by listening for `after-read` events.

### Basic Usage

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])

function handleAfterRead(file) {
  console.log(file)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @after-read="handleAfterRead"/>
</template>
```

### File Preview

By analyzing the file URL suffix name to determine the file type, support image and video preview.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://www.runoob.com/try/demo_source/mov_bbb.mp4',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cover.jpg'
  }
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Upload State

Three uploading states, `loading`, `success` and `error`, are provided, and tool functions are provided to quickly obtain files with corresponding states.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'loading'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'success'
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error'
  }
])

function handleAfterRead(file) {
  file.state = 'loading'

  setTimeout(() => {
    file.state = 'success'
  }, 1000)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @after-read="handleAfterRead"/>
</template>
```

### File Maxlength

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" :maxlength="1"/>
</template>
```

### File Size Limit

If the limit is exceeded, the file will be blocked. You can get the file by listening for the `oversize` event.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" :maxsize="1024" @oversize="Snackbar.warning('file size exceeds limit')" />
</template>
```

### Upload Preprocessing

Operate on a file by registering a `before-read` event that returns a false value to prevent the file from being read.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([])

function handleBeforeRead(file) {
  if (file.file.size <= 1 * 1024 * 1024) {
    Snackbar.success('the file is less than 1M, the upload is successful')
    return true
  } else {
    Snackbar.warning('the file is larger than 1M and cannot be uploaded')
    return false
  }
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @before-read="handleBeforeRead"/>
</template>
```

### Disabled

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader disabled v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Readonly

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader readonly v-model="files"/>
</template>
```

### Remove Preprocessing

Before deleting the file, the `before-remove` event is triggered, and a falsy value is returned to prevent the delete operation.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'
import { Dialog } from '@varlet/ui'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg'
  }
])

async function handleBeforeRemove() {
  const action = await Dialog({
    title: 'Delete or not?',
    message: 'Cannot be withdrawn after deletion'
  })

  return action === 'confirm'
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files" @before-remove="handleBeforeRemove" />
</template>
```

### Customize upload styles

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref()
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader v-model="files">
    <var-button type="primary">Upload</var-button>
  </var-uploader>
</template>
```

### Validate

The values are validated by passing in an array of validator, If the validator returns `true`, the validation passes.
Other values are converted to text as a user prompt.
The second argument is a collection of utility functions that can quickly get a collection of files that match the state.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error',
  },
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-uploader
    :rules="[(v, u) => u.getError().length === 0 || 'There is a file that failed to upload']"
    v-model="files"
  />
</template>
```

### Custom render file list

You can use the `hide-list` to hide component files list, then you can render this list by custom.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const files = ref([
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'loading',
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'success',
  },
  {
    url: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    cover: 'https://varlet.gitee.io/varlet-ui/cat.jpg',
    state: 'error',
  },
])
</script>

<template>
  <var-space>
    <img
      class="uploader-example-file"
      v-for="f in files"
      :key="f.id"
      :src="f.cover"
    />
    <var-uploader hide-list v-model="files">
      <var-button round type="primary">
        <var-icon :size="28" name="upload" />
      </var-button>
    </var-uploader>
  </var-space>
</template>

<style>
.uploader-example-file {
  width: 40px;
  height: 40px;
  border-radius: 50%;
  font-size: 12px;
  object-fit: cover;
}
</style>
```

## API

### Props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| `v-model`  | File list | _VarFile[]_ | `[]` |
| `accept`   | Accepted file type, consistent with the native attribute | _string_ | `image/*` |
| `capture`  | Get the file, the same as the native property | _string_ | `-` |
| `multiple` | Whether to select multiple files | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `readonly` | Whether the readonly | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled` | Whether the disabled | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `elevation`| Elevation level, options `true` `false` and level of `0-24`, not in simple mode | _string \| number \| boolean_|  `true` |
| `removable` | Whether the removable | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `maxlength` | Maximum number of files | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `maxsize`   | Maximum file size | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `previewed` | Whether to allow preview | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `ripple`    | Whether to open ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `hide-list` | Whether to hide the file list | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `validate-trigger` | Timing to trigger validation， The optional value is `onChange` `onRemove` | _ValidateTriggers[]_ | `['onChange', 'onRemove']` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed，The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(v: VarFile, u: VarFileUtils) => any>_ | `-` |

### VarFile

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `file` | Native file | _File_ | `-` |
| `name` | File name | _string_ | `-` |
| `url` | File url | _string_ | `-` |
| `cover` | File cover image | _string_ | `-` |
| `fit` | Cover image fill mode, Optional value is `fill` `contain` `cover` `none` `scale-down` | _string_ | `-` |
| `state` | File upload state, Optional value is `loading` `success` `error` | _string_ | `-` |

### VarFileUtils

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `getLoading` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `loading` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getSuccess` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `success` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getError` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `error` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |

### Methods

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `chooseFile` | Trigger the file selection action and display the file list | `-` | `-` |
| `closePreview` | Close preview file popup | `-` | `-` |
| `getLoading` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `loading` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getSuccess` | Gets a collection of files for `state` is `success` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `getError` |  Gets a collection of files for `state` is `error` | `-` | `VarFile[]` |
| `validate` | Trigger validate | `-` | `valid: Promise<boolean>` |
| `resetValidation` | Clearing validate messages | `-` | `-` |
| `reset` | Clear the value of the binding(set to `[]`)and validate messages | `-` | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `before-read` | Trigger returns a false value before a file is read to prevent the file from being read(support promise) | `file: VarFile` |
| `after-read` | Triggered after the file is read | `file: VarFile` |
| `oversize` | Triggered when the file size limit is exceeded | `file: VarFile` |
| `before-remove` | Triggered before file deletion, return false value to prevent file deletion (support promise) | `file: VarFile` |
| `remove` | Triggered when deleting a file. There is a true value to prevent deleting a file (support promise) | `file: VarFile` |

### Slots

| Name | Description | SlotProps |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `default` | Upload action content | `-` |

### Style Variables

Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider).

| Variable | Default |
| --- | --- |
| `--uploader-action-background`            | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-action-icon-color`            | `#888`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-action-icon-size`             | `24px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-action-margin`                | `0 10px 10px 0`                                                                              |
| `--uploader-file-size`                    | `80px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-margin`                  | `0 10px 10px 0`                                                                              |
| `--uploader-file-name-background`         | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-file-name-color`              | `#888`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-name-font-size`          | `12px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-name-padding`            | `10px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-text-align`              | `center`                                                                                     |
| `--uploader-file-close-background`        | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3)`                                                                         |
| `--uploader-file-close-size`              | `24px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-close-icon-font-size`    | `14px`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-close-icon-color`        | `#fff`                                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-cover-fit`               | `cover`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-cover-background`        | `#f7f8fa`                                                                                    |
| `--uploader-preview-video-width`          | `100vw`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-preview-video-height`         | `100vw`                                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-height`        | `4px`                                                                                        |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-normal-color`  | `var(--color-disabled)`                                                                      |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-success-color` | `var(--color-success)`                                                                       |
| `--uploader-file-indicator-error-color`   | `var(--color-danger)`                                                                        |
| `--uploader-disabled-color`               | `#ddd`              |
| `--uploader-disabled-text-color`          | `var(--color-text-disabled)`      |
| `--uploader-loading-background`           | `linear-gradient(90deg, hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0), hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0.3), hsla(0, 0%, 100%, 0))` |
