packages/varlet-ui/src/rate/docs/en-US.md, before:

# Rate

### Install

```js
import { createApp } from 'vue'
import { Rate } from '@varlet/ui'

createApp().use(Rate)
```

### Base Rate

Default display style.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score"/>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default {
  setup() {
    const score = ref(3)
    
    return { 
      score 
    }
  }
}
```

### Customize the total rating

Set the total rating through the `count` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8"/>
```

### Customize the rating icon color

Set the colors of selected and unselected through the `color` and `empty-color` properties.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#9c27b0" empty-color="#d199da"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#e91e63" empty-color="#f48fb1"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#4caf50" empty-color="#a5d6a7"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#3f51b5" empty-color="#9fa8da"/>
```

### Customize the rating icon style

Set the icon style when it is selected or not through the `icon` and `empty-icon` attributes.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" icon="heart" empty-icon="heart-outline" color="red"></var-rate>
```

### Customize the rating icon size

Set the size of the rating icon through the `size` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="14"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="16"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="18"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="20"/>
```

### Custom Icon Interval

Set the interval between ratings by the `gap` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="2"/>
<var-rate v-model="score"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="6"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="8"/>
```

### allows half ICONS

The `half` attribute is used to set the rating to semi selective, and the `half-icon` attribute is used to set the style of semi selective.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8" half/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8" icon="heart" half-icon="heart-half-full" empty-icon="heart-outline" color="red" half></var-rate>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default {
	setup() {
		const score = ref(3.5)
    
		return { score }
	}
}
```

### Disables rating

The `disabled` attribute is used to set the rating to the status of no clicking, and the `disabled-color` is used to set the color of the icon when it is disabled.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" disabled disabled-color="#bbbbbb"/>
```

### Read only rating

Set the rating to read-only status through the `readonly` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" readonly/>
```

### Use water ripples

Set the `ripple` attribute to `false` to prohibit the use of water ripples.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :ripple="false"/>
```

### listens for the change event

Other interaction logic is completed by calling the `change` event.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" @change="handleChange"/>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default { 
  setup() {
    const handleChange = (score) => {
      Snackbar({
        content: `click ${score}`,
        position: 'top'
      })
    }

    return { 
      handleChange 
    }
  }
}
```

### Validate Value

Verify the value through the `rules` attribute.

<span style="font-size: 12px">`rules` is an array that accepts `functions`, `boolean`, and `string`. Functions pass an input value as an argument and must return either `true` / `false` or a `string` containing an error message. The input field will enter an error state if a function returns (or any value in the array contains) `false` or is a `string`.</span>


```html
<var-rate :rules="[(v) => v >= 3 || 'It has to be greater than 2']" v-model='score' />
```

## API

### props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default | 
| --- | --- | --- | --- | 
| `v-model` | The current rating  | _number \| string_ | `0` |
| `count` | total rating  | _number \| string_ | `5` |
| `color` | The color of the icon when selected  | _string_ | `@color-primary` |
| `icon` | The icon style when the entire icon is selected  | _string_ | `star` |
| `empty-color` | The color of the icon when unchecked | _string_ | `#bdbdbd` |
| `empty-icon` | Style of the icon when unchecked | _string_ | `star-outline` |
| `size` | Icon size, default unit is `px` | _number \| string_ | `20` |
| `gap` | Icon spacing, default unit is `px` | _number \| string_ | `4` |
| `half` | Whether half selection is allowed | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `half-icon` | The half-selected icon style only works if `half` is `true` | _string_ | `star-half-full` |
| `disabled` | Whether or not rating is prohibited | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled-color` | The color of the icon when disabling grading is only effective when `disabled` is `true` and has higher priority than `color` and `empty-color` | _string_ | `#bdbdbd` |
| `readonly` | Whether to use rating read-only | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `ripple` | Whether to use water ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed,The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(v: string \| number) => any>_ | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `change` | Triggered when the rating changes | `value: string \| number` |

### Theme Variables
#### The following LESS variables can be overridden at build time to modify the theme style

### Rate Variables

| Variable | Default |
| --- | --- |
| `@rate-primary-color` | `@color-primary` |
| `@rate-disabled-color` | `#aaa` |
| `@rate-error-color` | `@color-danger` |
| `@rate-action-padding` | `4px` |

Commit message:

refactor(ui/popup,rate): support style-provider
affects: @varlet/ui

packages/varlet-ui/src/rate/docs/en-US.md, after:

# Rate

### Install

```js
import { createApp } from 'vue'
import { Rate } from '@varlet/ui'

createApp().use(Rate)
```

### Base Rate

Default display style.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score"/>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default {
  setup() {
    const score = ref(3)
    
    return { 
      score 
    }
  }
}
```

### Customize the total rating

Set the total rating through the `count` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8"/>
```

### Customize the rating icon color

Set the colors of selected and unselected through the `color` and `empty-color` properties.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#9c27b0" empty-color="#d199da"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#e91e63" empty-color="#f48fb1"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#4caf50" empty-color="#a5d6a7"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" color="#3f51b5" empty-color="#9fa8da"/>
```

### Customize the rating icon style

Set the icon style when it is selected or not through the `icon` and `empty-icon` attributes.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" icon="heart" empty-icon="heart-outline" color="red"></var-rate>
```

### Customize the rating icon size

Set the size of the rating icon through the `size` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="14"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="16"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="18"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :size="20"/>
```

### Custom Icon Interval

Set the interval between ratings by the `gap` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="2"/>
<var-rate v-model="score"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="6"/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :gap="8"/>
```

### allows half ICONS

The `half` attribute is used to set the rating to semi selective, and the `half-icon` attribute is used to set the style of semi selective.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8" half/>
<var-rate v-model="score" :count="8" icon="heart" half-icon="heart-half-full" empty-icon="heart-outline" color="red" half></var-rate>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default {
	setup() {
		const score = ref(3.5)
    
		return { score }
	}
}
```

### Disables rating

The `disabled` attribute is used to set the rating to the status of no clicking, and the `disabled-color` is used to set the color of the icon when it is disabled.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" disabled disabled-color="#bbbbbb"/>
```

### Read only rating

Set the rating to read-only status through the `readonly` attribute.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" readonly/>
```

### Use water ripples

Set the `ripple` attribute to `false` to prohibit the use of water ripples.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" :ripple="false"/>
```

### listens for the change event

Other interaction logic is completed by calling the `change` event.

```html
<var-rate v-model="score" @change="handleChange"/>
```

```js
import { ref } from 'vue'

export default { 
  setup() {
    const handleChange = (score) => {
      Snackbar({
        content: `click ${score}`,
        position: 'top'
      })
    }

    return { 
      handleChange 
    }
  }
}
```

### Validate Value

Verify the value through the `rules` attribute.

<span style="font-size: 12px">`rules` is an array that accepts `functions`, `boolean`, and `string`. Functions pass an input value as an argument and must return either `true` / `false` or a `string` containing an error message. The input field will enter an error state if a function returns (or any value in the array contains) `false` or is a `string`.</span>


```html
<var-rate :rules="[(v) => v >= 3 || 'It has to be greater than 2']" v-model='score' />
```

## API

### props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default | 
| --- | --- | --- | --- | 
| `v-model` | The current rating  | _number \| string_ | `0` |
| `count` | total rating  | _number \| string_ | `5` |
| `color` | The color of the icon when selected  | _string_ | `@color-primary` |
| `icon` | The icon style when the entire icon is selected  | _string_ | `star` |
| `empty-color` | The color of the icon when unchecked | _string_ | `#bdbdbd` |
| `empty-icon` | Style of the icon when unchecked | _string_ | `star-outline` |
| `size` | Icon size, default unit is `px` | _number \| string_ | `20` |
| `gap` | Icon spacing, default unit is `px` | _number \| string_ | `4` |
| `half` | Whether half selection is allowed | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `half-icon` | The half-selected icon style only works if `half` is `true` | _string_ | `star-half-full` |
| `disabled` | Whether or not rating is prohibited | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled-color` | The color of the icon when disabling grading is only effective when `disabled` is `true` and has higher priority than `color` and `empty-color` | _string_ | `#bdbdbd` |
| `readonly` | Whether to use rating read-only | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `ripple` | Whether to use water ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed,The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(v: string \| number) => any>_ | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `change` | Triggered when the rating changes | `value: string \| number` |

### Style Variables
Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider)

| Variable | Default |
| --- | --- |
| `--rate-primary-color` | `var(--color-primary)` |
| `--rate-disabled-color` | `#aaa` |
| `--rate-error-color` | `var(--color-danger)` |
| `--rate-action-padding` | `4px` |
