packages/varlet-ui/src/counter/docs/en-US.md, before:

# Counter

### Basic Usage

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Set the value range

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :min="0" :max="5" v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Set step

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :step="10" v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Decimal length

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :decimal-length="1" v-model="value" />
</template>
```

### Set size

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    input-text-size="18px"
    input-width="50px"
    button-size="36px"
    v-model="value"
  />
</template>
```

### Disabled

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter disabled v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Readonly

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter readonly v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Asynchronous change

In some scenarios, you may need to wait for the server to return successfully before making changes.
`lazy-change` prevents binding value updates on the component itself.
Register `before-change` events for manual updates.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)

function handleBeforeChange(value, change) {
  setTimeout(() => change(value), 500)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    lazy-change
    v-model="value"
    @before-change="handleBeforeChange"
  />
</template>
```

### Validate

The values are validated by passing in an array of validators，If the validator returns `true`, the validation passes.
Other values are converted to text as a user prompt.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    :rules="[v => v > 5 || 'Please select a value greater than 5']"
    v-model="value"
  />
</template>
```

## API

### Props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `v-model` | The value of the binding | _string \| number_ | `0` |
| `min` | Minimum value | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `max` | Maximum value | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `step` | Step size | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `decimal-length` | Preserve decimal places | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `color` | Background color | _string_ | `-` |
| `input-width` | The width of the input box | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `input-text-size` | The text size of the input box | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `button-size` | Button size | _string_ | `true` |
| `readonly` | Whether the readonly | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled` | Whether the disabled | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-increment` | Whether to disable increments | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-decrement` | Whether to disable decrements | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-input` | Whether to disable input | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `increment-button` | Whether to display the increment button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `decrement-button` | Whether to display the decrement button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `press` | Long press the open button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `ripple` | Whether to open ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `validate-trigger` | Timing to trigger validation，Optional value is `onInputChange` `onLazyChange` `onIncrement` `onDecrement` | _ValidateTriggers[]_ | `['onIncrement', 'onDecrement', 'onInputChange', 'onLazyChange']` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed，The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(value: number) => any>_ | `-` |

### Methods

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `validate` | Trigger validate | `-` | `valid: Promise<boolean>` |
| `resetValidation` | Clearing validate messages | `-` | `-` |
| `reset` | Clear the value of the binding(set to `min \|\| 0`)and validate messages | `-` | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `before-change` | Triggered before the change (lazy-change mode only) | `value: number` <br> `change: (value: string \| number) => void` |
| `change` | Triggered on change | `value: number` |
| `increment` | Triggered on increment | `value: number` |
| `decrement` | Triggered on decrement | `value: number` |


### Style Variables
Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider).

| Variable                        | Default                      |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------|
| `--counter-padding`             | `0 4px`                      |
| `--counter-font-color`          | `#fff`                       |
| `--counter-background`          | `var(--color-primary)`       |
| `--counter-input-width`         | `28px`                       |
| `--counter-input-margin`        | `0 4px`                      |
| `--counter-input-font-size`     | `14px`                       |
| `--counter-button-size`         | `28px`                       |
| `--counter-button-icon-size`    | `100%`                       |
| `--counter-disabled-color`      | `var(--color-disabled)`      |
| `--counter-disabled-opacity`    | `var(--opacity-disabled)`    |
| `--counter-error-color`         | `var(--color-danger)`        |

Commit message:

feat: support elevation for uploader and counter (#927)

packages/varlet-ui/src/counter/docs/en-US.md, after:

# Counter

### Basic Usage

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Set the value range

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :min="0" :max="5" v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Set step

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :step="10" v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Decimal length

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter :decimal-length="1" v-model="value" />
</template>
```

### Set size

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    input-text-size="18px"
    input-width="50px"
    button-size="36px"
    v-model="value"
  />
</template>
```

### Disabled

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter disabled v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Readonly

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter readonly v-model="value"/>
</template>
```

### Asynchronous change

In some scenarios, you may need to wait for the server to return successfully before making changes.
`lazy-change` prevents binding value updates on the component itself.
Register `before-change` events for manual updates.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)

function handleBeforeChange(value, change) {
  setTimeout(() => change(value), 500)
}
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    lazy-change
    v-model="value"
    @before-change="handleBeforeChange"
  />
</template>
```

### Validate

The values are validated by passing in an array of validators，If the validator returns `true`, the validation passes.
Other values are converted to text as a user prompt.

```html
<script setup>
import { ref } from 'vue'

const value = ref(0)
</script>

<template>
  <var-counter
    :rules="[v => v > 5 || 'Please select a value greater than 5']"
    v-model="value"
  />
</template>
```

## API

### Props

| Prop | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `v-model` | The value of the binding | _string \| number_ | `0` |
| `min` | Minimum value | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `max` | Maximum value | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `step` | Step size | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `decimal-length` | Preserve decimal places | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `color` | Background color | _string_ | `-` |
| `input-width` | The width of the input box | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `input-text-size` | The text size of the input box | _string \| number_ | `-` |
| `button-size` | Button size | _string_ | `true` |
| `elevation` | Elevation level, options `true` `false` and level of `0-24`, not in simple mode | _string \| number \| boolean_|  `true` |
| `readonly` | Whether the readonly | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disabled` | Whether the disabled | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-increment` | Whether to disable increments | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-decrement` | Whether to disable decrements | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `disable-input` | Whether to disable input | _boolean_ | `false` |
| `increment-button` | Whether to display the increment button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `decrement-button` | Whether to display the decrement button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `press` | Long press the open button | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `ripple` | Whether to open ripple | _boolean_ | `true` |
| `validate-trigger` | Timing to trigger validation，Optional value is `onInputChange` `onLazyChange` `onIncrement` `onDecrement` | _ValidateTriggers[]_ | `['onIncrement', 'onDecrement', 'onInputChange', 'onLazyChange']` |
| `rules` | The validation rules，Returns `true` to indicate that the validation passed，The remaining values are converted to text as user prompts | _Array<(value: number) => any>_ | `-` |

### Methods

| Method | Description | Arguments | Return |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `validate` | Trigger validate | `-` | `valid: Promise<boolean>` |
| `resetValidation` | Clearing validate messages | `-` | `-` |
| `reset` | Clear the value of the binding(set to `min \|\| 0`)and validate messages | `-` | `-` |

### Events

| Event | Description | Arguments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `before-change` | Triggered before the change (lazy-change mode only) | `value: number` <br> `change: (value: string \| number) => void` |
| `change` | Triggered on change | `value: number` |
| `increment` | Triggered on increment | `value: number` |
| `decrement` | Triggered on decrement | `value: number` |


### Style Variables
Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider).

| Variable                        | Default                      |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------|
| `--counter-padding`             | `0 4px`                      |
| `--counter-font-color`          | `#fff`                       |
| `--counter-background`          | `var(--color-primary)`       |
| `--counter-input-width`         | `28px`                       |
| `--counter-input-margin`        | `0 4px`                      |
| `--counter-input-font-size`     | `14px`                       |
| `--counter-button-size`         | `28px`                       |
| `--counter-button-icon-size`    | `100%`                       |
| `--counter-disabled-color`      | `var(--color-disabled)`      |
| `--counter-disabled-opacity`    | `var(--opacity-disabled)`    |
| `--counter-error-color`         | `var(--color-danger)`        |
