packages/varlet-ui/src/button/docs/en-US.md, before:

# Button

### Install

```js
import { createApp } from 'vue'
import { Button } from '@varlet/ui'

createApp().use(Button)
```

### Theme Color Button

```html
<var-button>Default Button</var-button>
<var-button type="primary">Primary Button</var-button>
<var-button type="info">Info Button</var-button>
<var-button type="success">Success Button</var-button>
<var-button type="warning">Warning Button</var-button>
<var-button type="danger">Danger Button</var-button>
```

### Text Button

```html
<var-button text outline type="primary">Outline Button</var-button>
<var-button text type="primary">Plain Text Button</var-button>
```

### Disabled Status

```html
<var-button disabled>Disabled Status</var-button>
<var-button disabled text outline>Disabled Status</var-button>
<var-button disabled text>Disabled Status</var-button>
```

### Loading Status

```html
<var-button loading type="primary"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="info" loading-type="rect"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="success" loading-type="disappear"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="danger" loading-type="cube"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="warning" loading-type="wave"> Loading Status </var-button>
```

### Button Size

```html
<var-button type="primary">Normal Button</var-button>
<var-button type="success" size="small">Small Button</var-button>
<var-button type="warning" size="mini">Mini Button</var-button>
<var-button type="danger" size="large">Large Button</var-button>
```

### Block Button

```html
<var-button block type="primary">Block Button</var-button>
```

### Custom Color

```html
<var-button color="#e91e63" text-color="#fff">Background/Text Color</var-button>
<var-button color="linear-gradient(to right, #69dbaa, #3a7afe)" text-color="#fff"> Linear Gradient Color </var-button>
```

### Round Button

```html
<var-button type="primary" round>
  <var-icon name="plus" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="info" round>
  <var-icon name="information" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="success" round>
  <var-icon name="check" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="warning" round>
  <var-icon name="warning" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="danger" round>
  <var-icon name="window-close" />
</var-button>
```

### Events

```html
<var-button type="success" @click="handleClick">Click</var-button>
<var-button type="success" @touchstart="handleTouchstart">TouchStart</var-button>
<var-button type="success" @click="handleAutoLoadingClick" auto-loading>AutoLoading</var-button>
```

```js
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

export default {
  setup() {
    const handleClick = () => {
      Snackbar.success('Click Success')
    }

    const handleTouchstart = () => {
      Snackbar.success('Touchstart Success')
    }

    const handleAutoLoadingClick = () => {
      return new Promise((resolve) => {
        setTimeout(resolve, 2000)
      })
    }

    return {
      handleClick,
      handleTouchstart,
      handleAutoLoadingClick,
    }
  },
}
```

## API

### Props

| Prop             | Description                                                                                   | Type      | Default   |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------|
| `type`           | Button type, Can be set to `default` `primary` `info` `success` `warning` `danger`            | _string_  | `default` |
| `size`           | Button size, Can be set to `normal` `mini` `small` `large`                                    | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `loading`        | Loading status                                                                                | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `loading-radius` | Loading radius, Can only be used when `loading-type="circle"`                                 | _string  \| number_   | `12`      |
| `loading-type`   | Loading type, Can be set to `circle` `wave` `cube` `rect` `disappear`                         | _string_  | `circle`  |
| `loading-size`   | Loading size, Can be set to `large` `normal` `small` `mini` don't work on `loading-type="circle"` | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `auto-loading`   | Autoload mode for easy handling of asynchronous tasks                                                                               | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `round`          | Whether to be round button                                                                    | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `block`          | Whether to be block button                                                                    | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `text`           | Whether to be text button                                                                     | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `outline`        | Whether to be outline button                                                                  | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `disabled`       | Whether to disable button                                                                     | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `ripple`         | Whether to be ripple button                                                                   | _boolean_ | `true`    |
| `text-color`     | Button Text color                                                                             | _string_  | `-`       |
| `color`          | Button background color                                                                       | _string_  | `-`       |

### Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                          | Arguments      |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| `click`      | Triggered when the button is clicked. Not triggered when `loading` or `disabled` status is `true`    | `event: Event` |
| `touchstart` | Triggered when the button is touchstart, Not triggered when `loading` or `disabled` status is `true` | `event: Event` |

### Slots

| Slot      | Description    | Arguments |
| --------- | -------------- | --------- |
| `default` | Button content | `-`       |

### Style Variables

Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider)

| Variable                       | Default                      |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------- |
| `--button-default-color`       | `#f5f5f5`                    |
| `--button-primary-color`       | `var(--color-primary)`       |
| `--button-danger-color`        | `var(--color-danger)`        |
| `--button-success-color`       | `var(--color-success)`       |
| `--button-warning-color`       | `var(--color-warning)`       |
| `--button-info-color`          | `var(--color-info)`          |
| `--button-disabled-color`      | `var(--color-disabled)`      |
| `--button-disabled-text-color` | `var(--color-text-disabled)` |
| `--button-border-radius`       | `4px`                        |
| `--button-mini-padding`        | `0 9px`                      |
| `--button-small-padding`       | `0 11px`                     |
| `--button-normal-padding`      | `0 15px`                     |
| `--button-large-padding`       | `0 22px`                     |
| `--button-round-padding`       | `6px`                        |
| `--button-mini-height`         | `20px`                       |
| `--button-small-height`        | `28px`                       |
| `--button-normal-height`       | `36px`                       |
| `--button-large-height`        | `44px`                       |

Commit message:

docs(button): Introduction to adding components

packages/varlet-ui/src/button/docs/en-US.md, after:

# Button

### Intro

The component library provides `<var-button>` common button components,can used to trigger an action.

### Install

```js
import { createApp } from 'vue'
import { Button } from '@varlet/ui'

createApp().use(Button)
```

### Theme Color Button

```html
<var-button>Default Button</var-button>
<var-button type="primary">Primary Button</var-button>
<var-button type="info">Info Button</var-button>
<var-button type="success">Success Button</var-button>
<var-button type="warning">Warning Button</var-button>
<var-button type="danger">Danger Button</var-button>
```

### Text Button

```html
<var-button text outline type="primary">Outline Button</var-button>
<var-button text type="primary">Plain Text Button</var-button>
```

### Disabled Status

```html
<var-button disabled>Disabled Status</var-button>
<var-button disabled text outline>Disabled Status</var-button>
<var-button disabled text>Disabled Status</var-button>
```

### Loading Status

```html
<var-button loading type="primary"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="info" loading-type="rect"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="success" loading-type="disappear"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="danger" loading-type="cube"> Loading Status </var-button>
<var-button loading type="warning" loading-type="wave"> Loading Status </var-button>
```

### Button Size

```html
<var-button type="primary">Normal Button</var-button>
<var-button type="success" size="small">Small Button</var-button>
<var-button type="warning" size="mini">Mini Button</var-button>
<var-button type="danger" size="large">Large Button</var-button>
```

### Block Button

```html
<var-button block type="primary">Block Button</var-button>
```

### Custom Color

```html
<var-button color="#e91e63" text-color="#fff">Background/Text Color</var-button>
<var-button color="linear-gradient(to right, #69dbaa, #3a7afe)" text-color="#fff"> Linear Gradient Color </var-button>
```

### Round Button

```html
<var-button type="primary" round>
  <var-icon name="plus" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="info" round>
  <var-icon name="information" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="success" round>
  <var-icon name="check" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="warning" round>
  <var-icon name="warning" />
</var-button>
<var-button type="danger" round>
  <var-icon name="window-close" />
</var-button>
```

### Events

```html
<var-button type="success" @click="handleClick">Click</var-button>
<var-button type="success" @touchstart="handleTouchstart">TouchStart</var-button>
<var-button type="success" @click="handleAutoLoadingClick" auto-loading>AutoLoading</var-button>
```

```js
import { Snackbar } from '@varlet/ui'

export default {
  setup() {
    const handleClick = () => {
      Snackbar.success('Click Success')
    }

    const handleTouchstart = () => {
      Snackbar.success('Touchstart Success')
    }

    const handleAutoLoadingClick = () => {
      return new Promise((resolve) => {
        setTimeout(resolve, 2000)
      })
    }

    return {
      handleClick,
      handleTouchstart,
      handleAutoLoadingClick,
    }
  },
}
```

## API

### Props

| Prop             | Description                                                                                   | Type      | Default   |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------|
| `type`           | Button type, Can be set to `default` `primary` `info` `success` `warning` `danger`            | _string_  | `default` |
| `size`           | Button size, Can be set to `normal` `mini` `small` `large`                                    | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `loading`        | Loading status                                                                                | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `loading-radius` | Loading radius, Can only be used when `loading-type="circle"`                                 | _string  \| number_   | `12`      |
| `loading-type`   | Loading type, Can be set to `circle` `wave` `cube` `rect` `disappear`                         | _string_  | `circle`  |
| `loading-size`   | Loading size, Can be set to `large` `normal` `small` `mini` don't work on `loading-type="circle"` | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `auto-loading`   | Autoload mode for easy handling of asynchronous tasks                                                                               | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `round`          | Whether to be round button                                                                    | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `block`          | Whether to be block button                                                                    | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `text`           | Whether to be text button                                                                     | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `outline`        | Whether to be outline button                                                                  | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `disabled`       | Whether to disable button                                                                     | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `ripple`         | Whether to be ripple button                                                                   | _boolean_ | `true`    |
| `text-color`     | Button Text color                                                                             | _string_  | `-`       |
| `color`          | Button background color                                                                       | _string_  | `-`       |

### Events

| Event        | Description                                                                                          | Arguments      |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| `click`      | Triggered when the button is clicked. Not triggered when `loading` or `disabled` status is `true`    | `event: Event` |
| `touchstart` | Triggered when the button is touchstart, Not triggered when `loading` or `disabled` status is `true` | `event: Event` |

### Slots

| Slot      | Description    | Arguments |
| --------- | -------------- | --------- |
| `default` | Button content | `-`       |

### Style Variables

Here are the CSS variables used by the component, Styles can be customized using [StyleProvider](#/en-US/style-provider)

| Variable                       | Default                      |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------- |
| `--button-default-color`       | `#f5f5f5`                    |
| `--button-primary-color`       | `var(--color-primary)`       |
| `--button-danger-color`        | `var(--color-danger)`        |
| `--button-success-color`       | `var(--color-success)`       |
| `--button-warning-color`       | `var(--color-warning)`       |
| `--button-info-color`          | `var(--color-info)`          |
| `--button-disabled-color`      | `var(--color-disabled)`      |
| `--button-disabled-text-color` | `var(--color-text-disabled)` |
| `--button-border-radius`       | `4px`                        |
| `--button-mini-padding`        | `0 9px`                      |
| `--button-small-padding`       | `0 11px`                     |
| `--button-normal-padding`      | `0 15px`                     |
| `--button-large-padding`       | `0 22px`                     |
| `--button-round-padding`       | `6px`                        |
| `--button-mini-height`         | `20px`                       |
| `--button-small-height`        | `28px`                       |
| `--button-normal-height`       | `36px`                       |
| `--button-large-height`        | `44px`                       |
