packages/varlet-ui/src/button-group/docs/en-US.md, before:

## ButtonGroup API

### Props

| 参数           | 说明                                                                                 | 类型        | 默认值       |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------|
| `type`       | Button type, Can be set to `default` `primary` `info` `success` `warning` `danger` | _string_  | `default` |
| `size`       | Button size, Can be set to `normal` `mini` `small` `large`                         | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `mode`       | Button mode, Can be set to `normal` `text` `outline`                               | _string_  | `normal`  |
| `vertical`   | Whether to be vertical button                                                      | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `elevation`         | The shadow level of Card                                        | _string \ | number_  | `2`     |
| `color`      | Button background color                                                            | _string_  | `-`       |

Commit message:

docs: md format (#863)
* feat: button group types

* docs: md format

* docs: review docs

packages/varlet-ui/src/button-group/docs/en-US.md, after:

## ButtonGroup API

### Props

| 参数           | 说明                                                                                       | 类型       | 默认值       |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------|
| `type`       | Button Group type, Can be set to `default` `primary` `info` `success` `warning` `danger` | _string_ | `default` |
| `size`       | Button Group size, Can be set to `normal` `mini` `small` `large`                         | _string_ | `normal`  |
| `mode`       | Button Group mode, Can be set to `normal` `text` `outline`                               | _string_ | `normal`  |
| `vertical`   | Whether to be vertical button  group                                                     | _boolean_ | `false`   |
| `elevation`         | The shadow level of Button Group                                                         | _string \| number_  | `2`     |
| `color`      | Button Group background color                                                            | _string_ | `-`       |
| `text-color`     | Button Group Text color                                                                  | _string_  | `-`            |
